Fixes for `ActionList` semantics (#4272)
primer/react: .changeset/hot-mayflies-pump.md

---
'@primer/react': minor
---

> Utilizes `<button>` inside of `ActionList.Item` instead of relying on `<li>` as an interactive item.

Author: What would be the best way to convey that this feature is feature flagged and not available outside of the flag? 🤔

Reviewer: Curious to learn that as well!

> Utilizes `<button>` inside of `ActionList.Item` instead of relying on `<li>` as an interactive item.

Reviewer 2: How about:

```suggestion
(Behind feature flag) ActionList: Utilizes `<button>` inside of `<li>` for interactive items.
```

Author: This is great, thank you! :grin:
